DOC-1602: Added documentation for the new model files/options (#2304)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/model_url.adoc

[[model_url]]
== `+model_url+`

> This option allows specifying the location of the `dom` model file. This is useful if you are loading {productname} from one URL, for example a CDN, while loading a model on, say, a local server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows specifying the location of the `dom` model file. This is useful if loading {productname} from one URL, for example, a CDN, while loading a model on, say, a local server.
```

> This option enables you to specify the location of the `dom` model file. This is useful if you are loading {productname} from one URL, for example a CDN, while loading a model on, say, a local server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option allows specifying the location of the `dom` model file. This is useful if you are loading {productname} from one URL, for example a CDN, while loading a model on, say, a local server.
```
Again, we shouldn't be using `you`.

Author: Ditto from `model.adoc`.
